Add meta descriptions to Lisk Core docs, closes #371 (#393)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

= Lisk Core Overview
Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>

> :description: The Lisk Core overview gives an introduction about Lisk Core and what is needed to run a node in the Lisk network. It describes the different networks, distributions and the general technology stack of Lisk Core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: The Lisk Core overview provides an introduction about Lisk Core and the requirements necessary to run a node in the Lisk network. In addition,  the different networks, distributions and the general technology stack of Lisk Core are also covered.
```
